CREATE TABLE Translations
(
ID int,
index_landing_welcome_h1 text,
index_welcome_pohorje_h1 text,
index_welcome_pohorje_description_p1 text,
index_welcome_pohorje_reservation_button text,
index_tripple_image_1_description text,
index_tripple_image_2_description text,
index_tripple_image_3_description text,
index_apartmaji_martin_h1 text,
index_apartmaji_martin_p1 text,
index_apartmaji_martin_p2 text,
index_apartmant_icon_1 text,
index_apartmant_icon_2 text,
index_apartmant_icon_3 text,
index_apartmant_icon_4 text,
index_apartmant_icon_5 text,
index_apartmant_icon_6 text,
index_winter_summer_switch_winter text,
index_winter_summer_switch_summer text,
index_landing_winter_p1_1 text,
index_landing_winter_h1_1 text,
index_landing_winter_p1_2 text,
index_landing_winter_h2_2 text,
index_landing_winter_p2_1 text,
index_landing_winter_p2_2 text,
index_landing_activities_h5_1 text,
index_landing_activities_p_1 text,
index_landing_activities_h5_2 text,
index_landing_activities_p_2 text,
index_landing_activities_h5_3 text,
index_landing_activities_p_3 text,
index_landing_activities_h5_4 text,
index_landing_activities_p_4 text,
always_something_to_do_h1 text,
always_something_to_do_p1 text,
footer_legal_left text,
footer_legal_right text,
page_title text,
menu_home text,
menu_apartment text,
menu_contact text,
apartman_landing_welcome text,
apartman_description_notice_span text,
apartman_description_notice text,
apartman_winter_season text,
apartman_price_ddv text,
apartman_price_extra text,
apartman_price_extra_1 text,
apartman_price_extra_2 text,
apartman_price_extra_3 text,
apartman_price_extra_4 text,
apartman_till text,
apartman_day text,
apartman_for text,
map_show_direction text
);

        